Clearly document the legacy resolver as unsupported (#12641)
pypa/pip: docs/html/user_guide.rst

pip documentation, this change is not covered by the :ref:`Deprecation
Policy`.

.. attention::

    The legacy resolver is deprecated and unsupported. New features, such

>     as :doc:`reference/installation-report`, may not function correctly
>     with the legacy resolver. **These issues will not be fixed.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as :doc:`reference/installation-report` will not work with the
    legacy resolver and this resolver will be removed in a future
    release.
```

Author: https://github.com/pypa/pip/pull/12641/commits/8def0444f7e1fde204a2495ebc0e7d9eeecc7ada
